[Music]
welcome to Japanese cooking 101 today we
are gonna make miso soup let's take a
look at the ingredients we have 4 cups
of dashi or fish broth 1 packaged tofu
45 tbsp miso paste and 2 green onions
finely chopped miso paste is a paste
made from fermented soybeans used to
seasoned soup sauce and other dishes
there are different kinds of missile by
color texture and flavor you can find me
so at some grocery stores these days in
the refrigerator or Asian food aisle if
you have a Japanese or Asian market
nearby you can certainly find more
varieties or you can just order one
online that she used here is Japanese
fish broth and it is a key flavor factor
of miso soup we explain more details in
our dashi recipe video and on our
website Japanese cooking 101 calm it is
easy to make and very flavorful
ok first we are going to cut tofu
there's no right or wrong way to cut
tofu but you can just slice it in half
and then cut it into bite-sized pieces
you can use both soft and hard kind tofu
in the soup you can also use vegetables
seafood and meat in miso soup instead of
tofu you can make it harder by adding
more stuff or make it simple like this
one it's all up to you as I said before
to make a good miso soup you need good
dashi here's a quick recap from our
dashi video all you need to do is to put
a couple of handfuls of bonito flakes
into boiling water and cook for a few
minutes and strain it that's it it's
really simple and we explain all about
it in our dashi recipe video
now we have four cups of dashi already
made in the pot we then put the tofu in
and heat it on the medium heat until the
top is hot you don't need to bring it to
a boiling point because tofu is delicate
but just to the point that it's heated
through if you are using other
ingredients such as vegetables seafood
and meat in miso soup you can bring it
to boil and cook until everything is
cooked through now we add miso paste if
you have a small strainer like this it's
easy to just dump missle in and dissolve
miso directly in the pot if you don't
have one you can just use a ladle you
don't need to strain miso paste
but strainer just makes it easier to
stir it in the pot without breaking tofu
finally you put some green onions and
remove from heat looks great doesn't it
miso soup is Japanese soul food and
often called avocado know a gene which
is a flavor of mom's home cooking we
certainly love the flavor and it's a
true comfort food for everyone hope you
will enjoy it as much as we do
[Music]